cordova doc updates (#10555)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-cordova-phonegap/get-started/get-started-with-cordova-monitoring.mdx

### Step 2: Get your application token
If you’re new to New Relic, [create an account](https://newrelic.com/signup) - it's free!

First, you'll need to get your application token, which will be used in Step 3 to connect your Cordova app with New Relic:

  1. Go to **one.newrelic.com > Browser & Mobile > (choose Android or iOS)**, then complete the instrumentation steps in the UI. 
  2. From Step 4 in the UI, copy the application token. You’ll need this when installing the Cordova plugin.
 
  <Callout variant="important">
  If your app is built on both iOS and Android, you’ll need to get application tokens for iOS and Android separately.
  </Callout> 

### Step 3: Install the Cordova plugin [#install]

1. In your Cordova project directory, add the Cordova plugin to your project with the Cordova command line tool, and paste the application token(s) (from step 2) using the `--variable` argument:

   ```
   # Install from github repository
   cordova plugin add https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-cordova-plugin.git --variable IOS_APP_TOKEN="{ios-app-token}" --variable ANDROID_APP_TOKEN="{android-app-token}"
   ```

> 2. (Optional) If you're using ionic install, add this:

Author: @ndesai-newrelic Is the phrasing "if you're using ionic install" correct? Also, are they adding it to their cordova project directory (like step 1) or somewhere else?

Reviewer: @a-sassman nope,if you are using ionic native/cordova and they are adding it from https://ionicframework.com/docs/cli/commands/cordova-build here

> 2. (Optional) If you're using ionic install, add this:

Author: ```suggestion
2. (Optional) If your app uses the ionic cordova build, add this:
```
@ndesai-newrelic , where do they add the code? In their Cordova project directory?

</figcaption>

### (Optional) Step 5: Track JavaScript errors

You can configure the Cordova Plugin to create custom events for JavaScript errors and report them to New Relic by adding `NewRelic.recordError(error);` to your project:

```js
NewRelic.recordError(error);
```

Then in the UI, you can track these JavaScript error events with a custom dashboard. To create a custom dashboard:
1. Go to [one.newrelic.com](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities).
2. Click **Query builder**.
3. Run this query:
  ```sql
  SELECT * FROM `JS Errors`
  ```
4. Click **Add to dashboard**.
<img
    title="Query builder"
    alt="This is an image of a sample query in the Query builder."
    src={mobileQueryExample}
  />
<figcaption>
  **[one.newrelic.com](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities) > Query builder**: Use the **Query builder** to create a custom dashboard for tracking JavaScript errors from your Cordova app.
</figcaption>
If you need help getting started with dashboards, see [Introduction to dashboards](/docs/query-your-data/explore-query-data/dashboards/introduction-dashboards/#get-started).

## Next steps

> * Use API calls to track custom data: Our Cordova Plugin utilizes the same API calls as our iOS and Android SDK agents. See the documentation for [iOS SDK](/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-ios/ios-sdk-api) or [Android SDK](/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-android/android-sdk-api).

Author: ```suggestion
* Use API calls to track custom data: Our Cordova Plugin utilizes the same API calls as our iOS and Android SDK agents. See [iOS SDK](/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-ios/ios-sdk-api) or [Android SDK](/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-android/android-sdk-api).
```
